COP4533 Programming Assignment 2

Contributors:
- Jacob DeWese (UFID: 33420894)

Instructions to compile code (command line):
1. Download the zip file and extract.

2. Open the command prompt, and navigate to the location of the extracted program file and the cmake folder (e.g. 'cd C:\Users\user\Downloads\COP4533_Programming_Assignment_1-master\COP4533_Programming_Assignment_1-master\cmake-build-debug')

3. Run 'COP4533_Prog_Assi1.exe'

4. When prompted, state the input file you would like to run in this format: ..\input\input.txt

5. Find the similarly named output file (or provide the output file name you would like) in this format: ..\output\output.txt

Instructions to compile code (IDE, CLion being used as reference):
1. Click the green 'Code' button and copy the HTTPS URL

2. Open CLion

3. Click 'New project from Version Control'

4. Copy the URL into the URL field and pick which directory you wish for the project to reside. Then click 'Clone'

5. Once the project builds (accept the CMake as-is), go to 'Edit Configurations'

6. Change the working directory to the location of 'COP4533_Programming_Assignment_2' by copying the local path on the system (open the folder in Explorer, then copy the path at the top). Paste that path into 'Working Directory' in 'Edit Configurations' (path should look similar to this: C:/Users/thear/CLionProjects/COP4533_Prog_Assi2)

7. Run the program.

8. When prompted to provide the input file, it will say to provide the input like this (..\input\<input_file_name.txt>). Instead, provide the input like this: input\input.txt. Press enter when complete

9. Like the input file, provide input to the output file (either pre-existing or new) like this: output\output.txt. Press enter when complete

10. In the output folder, you will then see the output file that you created. In the running input field, you will see printed output for the step-by-step breakdown of each algorithm processing. This was for debugging purposes, and to verify the algorithms were working as intended.

Input files (stored in the 'input' folder, manually created):
- Input1.txt
- Input2.txt
- Input3.txt
- Input4.txt
- Input5.txt
- Question2_CacheSize3_Input.txt

Output files (stored in the 'output' folder, generated by main.cpp and calling Cache_Algorithms.h):
- Output1.txt
- Output2.txt
- Output3.txt
- Output4.txt
- Output5.txt
- Question2_CacheSize3_Output.txt
